hello to all and welcome to this
new video in which I'm going
introduce you to a theme of attack
classic in the accelerated dragon
introduced by the awesome american bobby
fischer the dragon accelerated them four
these five riders three riders c6
of the four falls in love with the four horsemen
takes 10 4 and here the accelerated dragon
after the push of the angels pawn 6 you
see the position of the dragon of the pawns
blacks with hatchet g6 f7 etc that makes
a little think of a dragon that's why
so named here the whites
play jumper these three classic moves
who develops a room and who protects
the pawn and 4 the blacks answer by crazy
g7 whip three now we see that
the blacks are in a position of
eto'o droppings since their crazy
and angers 7 whip three to protect the
rider of the four attacked by this madman
I have seven riders f6 attack the pawn
and 4 also threatens the push of 5
so it's white answer logically
by crazy c4 who by the thrust of 5 and
who puts pressure on the fire on the pawn
in eps vii and we'll see to which
point is important
the blacks play little rock and the
white jouf oven b3 but why bobby
does fischer play b3 oven and well you
will understand why in this
variant the blacks and has
regularly exchange their riders
his 6 against the madman in b3 in order to
ability to push 5
for example is fine here fischer has everything
just found the parade
since on riders to 5 to exchange
Lecavalier at 5 worked a lot 6
against the madman in May three white and
well they play them 5th saint louis the
jumper c6 prevented the thrust e5
since he could have simply
take in the variant where he stays in
these six riders takes b3 clashes
unfortunately to a complication
tactical that will make black people lose
quite soon after them pro f 5
riders takes to a place seven
riders takes these two French ladies
2 the rider thought of on failure the
French lady to strive and after roy
takes g7 and of course
how to say whites have
London - but it has two rooms
against a tower is their parts
are very active it will only remain to them
more than at rock-hard and to be able to activate the
rest of their room ie the tower
located in h1 which is currently blocked
by his king
in e1 so this position is
completely winning for whites
we're not going to analyze it anymore
serves just nothing actually there
the white pieces are much more
active and therefore the gain will be easy after
e5 blacks can try to play by
example riders h5 but they lose the
jumper because of the thrust g4 and the
black jumper naples with the eyes that
case since if since silva on the
box f6 it is engaged by the pawn
five on the box f4 by the fool in e3 and
finally on the box d3 by the pawn in hd
or speak more one f2 so he can not
play like that on the other hand if he goes
on box g4 the white lady can
take
silva on the box e 4 the rider c3
can take it and silva on the box of
5 and the rider can still
so take the black jumper no longer
only one breaks to not be taken
right now it's box 1.8
only after the jump 1.8 jumpers
the black lady does not have a lot of
boxes and we'll see that it's a
problem since after crazy takes f7 no
you do not dream you take it to vii it's
well the good move and well there would be by
example everything resumes 9 7 and after
riders in the cices the black lady has
no more boxes are not protected
therefore she is lost if she
goes on his seven lecavalier learns if
she stays on to learn how to learn
and finally if she goes on b6 the crazy and 3
take the lady in b 6 and so if we take
last variant
Well, it's the lady who takes care of
capture his opponent in a 8
that's why everything resumes at vii is
not playable
we'll see that roy takes f7 is
no better given that riders
of the six brings us the same threats
for blacks so we see that
scipion takes a program
if the remaining lady of the eight lecavalier
learns if she goes years and 7
the rider after also and if she
in b 6 eh well the fool 3 would take this
lady
therefore the game would be lost
then we will see the only variant
still to be studied
that is to say king f7 takes the ship here
in May 6 after amd healthy there
would have a quick math given
that after forced wife 5 since the
class f if this hold by the pawn
to the 5 and the lady control this
diagonal here and so especially the two
boxes e6 and f7 well there would be
simply g4 forcing the king extended
4 since all the others
boxes are taken and by the madman in e3
who controls the box f4 and g5 the lady
check boxes e4 e5 and e6 by
therefore the king must take this pawn
angers 4 rounds failure is here if the king
return to f5
it is matte immediately by
through the coup shots I have five
chess and mat silva 1 h 5 is hardly
better since any 5denain rejection
first ladies chess 4 is here so by
example the king h3 of alger four failures
three points to them two and then by
example lady I have two chess and dull
therefore the last variant
serwa h4 and after rouach 4 always the
same idea ladies 4 and 6 for example king
h3 and well just lady g4 esch
failure
roy takes h2 and the mat well let's talk about it
match of course pretty much everything
all the boxes for example g2 or g3
we will also see each other
variant ie after a failure
if the king tries to leave via the
box h5 well he would have everything
simply lady g4 also fail and
mast
therefore after turn failure the blow
the one who holds the most would be king h4 but
they would be confronted also so
shoulder to Leucate should see
and would be mater
the black king would be very up
quickly that's why in this
variant with little rock that comes
to be played for black bobby fischer
opt for the excellent shot and very
brilliant b3 oven and quite simply
because oven b3 forbidden so
tactical
the coming of the rider in 1-5 and therefore the
change this jumper against the oven b3
which is an important fund in this
position since they control the box
platform 5 and another and
prevent it from pushing black pawn 17
in d5
here is I hope this video has you
What was instructive and I told you
see you soon for new videos
do not hesitate to put a like or to me
Leave a comment
and do not hesitate to subscribe
to my channel because many of
many more videos will follow thanks
to you for having read to me very soon for
new videos